so here's the close-up of the flower
dance shawl and as you can see they're
all joined together by crocheting them
together versus sewing them together so
what you want to do is complete one
square completely and then when you're
finishing the every square after that
you're going to be joining the last
round to the previous square so on my
sample here I'm going to be using the
colors
lemon lime in the center petal pink
silver frog and my outside main color
will be soft white so to get started
let me push this side in you in the
beginning you're I'm using a size I
crochet hook which is a Deborah Norville
would hook and it's very soft light warm
in my hand to use I love it so then the
pattern starts out with a chain five you
start out with a slip knot I leave a
long end on the tail of my slip knot and
I chain five and it says to slip stitch
in the first chain to form a ring and to
do that all you do is go back to your
first chain right here yarn over bring
that through and then bring that through
the loop that's on your hook and that's
joining with a slip stitch and now you
have your center of your ring right here
and I'm going to be working over the end
of my starting chain also so now it says
to chain one and work eight single
crochets into the center of the Ring so
there's one two three four five six
seven and eight and one of the reasons
why I like to work over the end of my
starting chain is for times like this
when that hole is a little bit big in my
mind so if I just pull that end from a
starting chain I can make that smaller
and then the hole in the middle is not
so big so then what you want to do here
is join with a slip stitch to the first
single crochet so right here I go
underneath those two loops right there
and I draw a loop up and then bring that
through the loop on my hook so there's
my round one complete and now it says to
chain one so now